Lots of updates (#76)
Stirling-Tools/Stirling-Tools.github.io: docs/Advanced Configuration/Usage Monitoring.md

---
sidebar_position: 5
title: Usage Monitoring
tags: [pro, enterprise, management, feature, advanced feature]
---

# Usage Monitoring
> **Tier**: Pro, Enterprise

Stirling-PDF provides robust usage monitoring capabilities through its API, allowing you to track application usage patterns and performance metrics.

## Non-Persistent Usage Monitoring API

> The following API endpoints are available to all users for monitoring usage statistics. These endpoints provide non-persistent usage data that can be queried on demand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following API endpoints are available to all users to monitor usage statistics. These endpoints provide non-persistent usage data that can be queried on demand.
```
